Meteoric Daisy Patient Client Design Doc, v1.0

TODO: proposed additions from the 6/3 meeting have not been fully incorporated.

1) Rationale/Overview
The app's interface should be as simple and convenient as possible.
Buttons, animations should be kept to a minimum, and medical information 
takes priority.

2) App Screens/States
	2.0 User Login Screen
	The app's initial log-in screen. The patient's account is created by
	the medical staff's administrative interface. The account is identified
	by an email address provided by the patient, along with a randomly generated
	password. An email containing these credentials will be sent to the user.
	Upon first login, the user will be prompted to set their own password.

	This screen provides only a log-in button and a password reset feature.
	Note that the password reset link will not be displayed/functional if the
	user has not logged in once and changed their randomly assigned password.
	Transitions: 2.1

	2.1 Index/Home Page
	Displays a list of the patient's upcoming appointments; each item
	contains a "right arrow" to switch to a details page.

	TODO: user logout
	Transitions: 2.0, 2.2

	2.2 Appointment Details Page
	Provides:
		-More detailed appointment location
		-Preparation checklist

	There is a back button to return to the appointment list.

	There are 3 buttons on the bottom of this page for 3 actions the
	user can perform, specific to this appointment. Each button will
	trigger a backdrop/popup prompting the user for the task. Tap again
	to cancel/remove the prompt.
		-Update Status: send the current status of the preparation checklist 
		to the staff program. Updates the "checked/unchecked" status of the current appointment. 
		Returns a prompt to the user indicating whether or not the operation succeeded.
		The updated state will be reflected on the medical staff's management application, and
		they will also receive a notification.
		-Contact: Bring up contact details of staff associated with
		-Info: Bring up information on this appointment's medical procedure

	Transitions: 2.1, 2.2

3) Notifications
	TODO: receive native notifications for checklist updates and requirements
	sent by medical staff to a specific appointment.
	